gh-122450: Fix docs to state denominator positivity of Fraction (#122464)
python/cpython: Doc/library/fractions.rst

   .. attribute:: numerator

>       Numerator of the Fraction in lowest terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Numerator of the Fraction, expressed in its lowest terms.
```

>       Numerator of the Fraction in lowest terms.

Reviewer 2: In fact, we say that "The [Fraction](https://docs.python.org/3/library/fractions.html#fractions.Fraction) class inherits from the abstract base class [numbers.Rational](https://docs.python.org/3/library/numbers.html#numbers.Rational), and implements all of the methods and operations from that class."

So, we could move these numerator/denominator descriptions to the Rational class.

CC @AA-Turner

Reviewer 3: That would be worse; it requires people to look in two places to find out what happens with `Fraction`. Happy to improve in both places, but we shouldn't remove from here.

Reviewer 2: This pr continued in https://github.com/python/cpython/pull/136800.  I hope, I'll address review quickly;-)

> but we shouldn't remove from here.

I'm not sure if it worth verbosity.  I don't see e.g. where described real/imag properties for builtin types, except for the numbers module.

Reviewer 3: @skirpichev should this PR (#122464) be closed?

A

Reviewer 2: I think so.  I tried to attribute this work in a follow-up pr.

   .. attribute:: denominator

>       Positive denominator of the Fraction in lowest terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Positive denominator of the Fraction, expressed in its lowest terms.
```

>       Denominator of the Fraction in lowest terms and positive.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
      Positive denominator of the Fraction in lowest terms.
```

   .. attribute:: denominator

>       Denominator of the Fraction in lowest term. It is always positive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Denominator of the Fraction in lowest terms and positive.
```

numerator description also should look like "Numerator of the Fraction in lowest terms.", as e.g. help(int.numerator).
